 00. Password for tempKeyStore is: 12345678
 01. Google Play check is disabled at the moment and should stay like this, until it's in Google Play.

 1. Prevent screen captures ( 1 of 2 ):

    a) On the pinpad project, SECURE FLAG is set, thus preventing default screen capture. OK
    b) Further implement something similar to ASS ( https://github.com/SinsangMarket/ASS )
        or RxScreenDetector ( https://github.com/Piasy/RxScreenshotDetector )


 2. Do not store the PIN in plain text. OK

    a) every time the pin pad activity is initialized, a new public/private keys are created and stored in
    Android Keystore. The pin is kept encoded all the time and updated on each keypress.
    It's being decoded and re-encoded with the parent's public key at the end.

 3. Mask fully the PIN number display, don't show numbers at all. OK

 4. PIN entry must not rely on system keyboard. OK

 5. There should be no visual feedback which keys are pressed. OK

    a) The button's background gives no indication for the pressed state.

 6. Root detection ( 1 of 2 ):

    a) Generic rooted device detection with Root Beer. OK
    b) Extra rooted devices detection (own methods)
    c) If detected first time, store detection state and next time don't even check. OK
        This prevents the cases where the user starts the app, sees it does not run, hides the root and tries again.
        They need to clear the data in order to pass this check.

 7. Check if package is installed from Google Play. OK


 8. Implement SafetyNetAPI (not yet). Not mandatory, as it's easily avoidable with Magisk.


 9. Detect switching between apps. OK


10. Debugger detection. OK ( can be improved further )

    a) DEBUGGABLE flag
    b) Standard debug build
    c) Detect debugger slowing down the execution

    d) Run anti-debug code that constantly prevents from attaching debuggers ( not working properly, disabled for now )

11. Emulator detection works. Library used: https://github.com/framgia/android-emulator-detector. OK

12. Debugger attaching protection

    a) Frida ( start with frida-trace -i open -U -f paynetics.digital.pinpad_app ) - detection on default port only,
        can be improved. OK

    b)


13. Integrity check

    a) classes.dex CRC, OK.

14. Fullscreen check. OK.

    a) Tested on Pixel 2 with split-screen functionality. Should work for everything, as long as the pin pad activity
        has no action bars or other elements

15. Invisible views over pin pad - tapjacking - OK.


16. Code is obfuscated with ProGuard




